A bus reservation system is required to do the following:
1 - A user is requested to provide an ID and Password to login to the system.
	If only one of the two inputs is invalid, the system shall indicate which input is invalid, 
	otherwise; the system shall indicate that both are invalid. The system shall continue prompting the user 
	for the login information till the user provides valid inputs.

2 - In case both ID and password are valid, the user shall be requested to provide the operation required to be done. 
	The operations can be either reservation of a ticket or a cancellation of a ticket.

3 - Incase the user inserted an invalid input, the system shall indicate that the input is invalid initiate the previous request again.

4 - Incase the user chose to reserve a seat, the system shall ask for the destination and pickup locations required. 
	The system then checks if the locations inserted are valid. If only one of the locations is invalid, the system
	shall indicate which location is invalid, otherwise; the system shall indicate that both locations are invalid.

5 - Incase both locations are valid, the system shall check for the availability of free seats and then indicates the seats available
	to the user while prompting if the user would like to continue the reservation procedure.

6 - Incase there are no free seats available, the system shall indicate to the user that no seats are available and
	prompt the user if another operation is required or not.

7 - Any system prompts shall be handled such that the system accepts only yes or no as a valid input, 
	otherwise; the system shall keep the prompt till the user enters a valid input.

8 - In case the user accepts the reservation, The system shall generate a reservation id, link the id to the user, 
	and provide the user with the ID.

9 - In case the user chose to cancel a seat, the system shall prompt the user to provide the reservation id to be canceled.

10 - the system shall check for the validitiy of the reservation id. If the id is invalid, the system shall indicate that the id
	is invalid and prompt the user to provide a valid id.

11 - At the end of each successful operation whether it is reserving a seat or canceling a reservation, the system shall prompt the
	user if another operation is required or not.
 